***
## Welcome to the Single Front Door Development Team! 
This guide is for new software developers (at any level) joining the Single Front Door (SFD). These instructions are specific to getting your local development set up ready so that new devs can get involved in building cool stuff as soon as possible. First and foremost, if you have any questions then just ask anyone on the dev team.
### Local Development Set Up 
The SFD has a pretty large number of repositories that we're currently developing and prototyping. The following instructions should get you set up so that you can run the Single Front Door service locally. There is some information, such as environment variables, that can't be provided in this guide, but someone on the team will provide you with all of the environment variables you need to get the SFD up and running locally. 
1. Clone our [ffc-sfd-core](https://github.com/defra/ffc-sfd-core) repository from GitHub. This makes local development a lot easier because you'll be able to build, start, and stop many Docker containers for each of our micro-services with a single command. The core repo also enables you to get all the latest updates by checking out to the main branches and pulling latest changes from all our repos.
2. As instructed by the [README](https://github.com/DEFRA/ffc-sfd-core/blob/main/README.md), run the `./clone` command to get all repos cloned locally.
3. Before continuing with the rest of the instructions on the README, there are a couple of steps that need to be completed beforehand.
	- Prior to starting up the service locally, you'll need all of the environment variables for all our repos so that the Docker containers can build. Ask any dev on the team and they'll give you everything you need.
	- Secondly, a few of our micro-services require Azure Service Bus infrastructure. For local development, each developer will have their own individual topics/subscriptions and queues as this makes local development a lot easier. To create your own Service Bus infrastructure, clone the [ffc-azure-service-bus-scripts-repo](https://github.com/DEFRA/ffc-azure-service-bus-scripts). You'll also need to install [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) to be able to run the needed commands from this repo. The commands needed contain information such as the names of resource groups, subscriptions etc. so ask a member of the team and these will be provided to you.
4. Once your `.env` file set up is complete and your Service Bus infrastructure is provisioned, you can follow the rest of the instructions in the core's README. Namely, you'll first need to build all the Docker containers using the `./build` command and then start up all the containers using the `./start` command.
5. After all micro-services have started up, navigate to `https://localost:3000/landing-page` via your browser and you should see the Single Front Door start page. Click *Start now* and you should be redirected to Defra Identity (in other words, a login page). If in your `.env` file(s), `DEFRA_ID_ENBALED` is set to `true` you will need to log in using [Defra ID Test Data]([https://eaflood.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/VVAHWR/pages/4329538112/DEFRA+ID+Test+Data](https://eaflood.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/VVAHWR/pages/4329538112/DEFRA+ID+Test+Data)). If set to `false` then any string can be entered for the CRN and password fields. Once logged on, you should see business details for the test data you used to log on with. Additionally, you should also be able to navigate around the service freely.
If at any stage you come into any errors and have issues with troubleshooting, don't hesitate to reach out to the team and we'll get it sorted out.